Dear Mr. Becker,

Thank you for letting us know of the summons you received. I'd be happy to help! It's disappointing that this creditor has decided to take this route, but as we mentioned during your enrollment, this was always something that could possibly happen with maybe one of your creditors, if any at all, even after the program did everything possible to try to avoid getting to this point with them. However, as I also mentioned when you first enrolled, you do have several options still available, depending on how you'd like to see this handled. First, if you haven't done it yet, please get us a copy of the documents you received. Feel free to send a photo by text or email, or you're welcome to fax them. Mail is OK too, but that does take a bit longer to receive.

Within this email, just below my words, you'll find a list of options available to you, which you'll notice they're the exact same options we originally discussed when you first enrolled with us and we did our long welcome call. Those options we discussed then, are the same options available today. Once you've reviewed each available option and have at least a slight understanding of what they are, and what a creditor can and cannot do, I'd like to talk again, so we can both discuss the best option for your specific needs, if you'll let me know when you're done reviewing them? If you would, please reply to this email when you're done, either to discuss it here, or to schedule a time for us to speak over the phone so we may discuss the next best step, depending on how you'd like to see it handled and your situation details. 

Secondly, as I’m sure you may already know, from the discussion we had when you first enrolled, there was a chance this could possibly happen with maybe one of your enrolled creditors, even after following our suggestions to protect you from their collections. Nevertheless, you have options that are still guaranteed to save you money, and still not have to pay off the full debt and only a percentage still, or nothing at all depending on the option you choose, and how you'd prefer to see this handled. So, below I’ve provided some simple steps which will take you directly to the options I've mentioned. However, I do recommend reading through everything if possible, and not stopping after the 1st option, just so we can make sure we are choosing the best option that fits your situation. This way, you have an understanding of what a creditor can and cannot do in this situation, and how you can also protect yourself where needed. 

I also want to mention a few other things that may have crossed your mind, or may not have, but just to make sure you understand why this isn't something to stress about. I know when I went through this same scenario, and those papers were given to me in person, I most certainly flipped with fear. I have never been in trouble before, and I honestly thought that was what was happening, but little did I know that it's impossible to go to jail for having debt. You're probably laughing right now, that I honestly thought that, but I will admit, that thought absolutely crossed my mind, and to be honest, I have been asked that a few times. So this may be a silly thing to mention, but I wanted to make sure you understand why these are actually not as stressful as you'd think, how they are quite common, why they happen at all, and how they are very easy to resolve, and that no matter what you decide to do to have this handled, you are not in any way in any kind of trouble. This does not mean you have broken any kind of law whatsoever! This is just a creditor's attempt to get your attention, or to obtain a judgment which is permission that must be given to them in order to attempt a certain kind of collection. Besides a physical item, like a property, or a fridge, or a car, etc... These items cannot be taken because the debt was not attached to them, meaning it's not a secured loan. For example, if you purchase a vehicle and a loan is for the vehicle, then of course the car will be repossessed, this loan is not attached to anything. Their attempts to collect are minimal in what they are allowed to do, and how. It's very black and white! These types of cases are seen with the courts by the caseload, on a daily basis. Because this is not back taxes, or back child support, or unpaid parking tickets, etc... This has nothing to do with a law being broken, and a punishment that is to be rendered. This is a debt! Nothing more! Because of that, there is no requirement to hire an attorney. An attorney is only needed if you'd like one to negotiate for you, but that is not required, and in my opinion, not needed. Now you can find a certain attorney that will fight the creditor and it's debt for you, to attempt to get you out of paying, but no matter what you choose to do, we can help guide you, as to not to have to pay an attorney fee, for something so simple like printing and mailing a piece of paper. It really is that easy! AGAIN, those options on what can be done to answer the summons, if you choose to, in whichever way is best for your situation, are within the link/steps below. 

When following the link and login provided, please make sure to copy and paste, if you can, versus typing it in. This way you don't hit an invalid key or be routed to the wrong website. The link is where you’ll not only find the options I mentioned, but you can also find all other detailed information on what a response might look like if you choose to continue the fight, or maybe even request for more time with the court, if you'd like more time with your final decision, or in making your decision. Here you’ll also find the exact creditor communications that were sent and received, from each creditor you have enrolled in the program, in case you’d like a copy of something, or if you want to just review the work and/or conversation that has been taking place.

One last thing… When you’re finished reading through each option mentioned, please reply to this email to let me know when a good time would be for us to speak again, so we may discuss the next best step for that option, or even the best response if needed. If you have any questions you'd like to ask before we schedule the time to talk, please feel free to reply to this email, send me a text, or give us a call. Thanks!